In this lecture will test the very first method, which is the register user method to do that.
Go to the test go to the test method that we have change it to test register user.
Controller Dot Register User is the method under test, we invoke it by passing in a new user account.
You can extract this to a local variable if you want to or leave it like that.
Then we mock out the call, when from Mockito.
If you hit control space import it from Mockito, it is a static import if you go up top.
Right here, mockito dot when scroll down when user account repository dot save.
That's the method we want to
Invoke what will this save take, it takes this new user account here, so you can extract this hit control
one extract to a local variable.
Move it up top control x right there and then pass it the user account when the save method is invoked
using the user account, then return.
A new user account.
Select this hit control, one assigned statement to a local variable or extract to a local variable.
Call this saved user account on the saved user account will just add an IDE saved user account dot
set
ID is equal to or set ID pass in the, ID say, one two three.
We can also optionally set the fields on this user account, but it doesn't matter because we are using
mocking, we are not saving the data into the database.
database, otherwise you can do as follows user account dot set age, etc. But it doesn't matter.
We'll just verify the ID. if it comes back.
So we have mocked out the call.
Then you hit control one on this guy.
Assign  statement to a new local variable called this the output.
Output user account the user account that is returned finally and the controller method is called, let's
finish it and I'll walk you through the code one more time when this happens.
We need to verify, assert not null is the first thing we do on the output user account
Dot
Get ID first, we can verify if this output producer account is not null, then you can copy this whole
thing, paste it.
We verify output user account, dot get ID is not null.
And finally, we will do a assert
Equals the expected is one two three.
And the actual is the ID, which we want to assert on output user account dot get IDE do a control shift F2
format.
That's our test.
And also we can do a mockito verify at the end.
You can verify that the user account repositories dot save method is really invoked this dot save should go
outside the brackets let me cut it and paste it outside with what entity with the
user account entity?
We are just verifying that whatever we have stubbed up top here using the when class etc., that invocation
is really happening.
That's the verification we are doing.
We can do it even before these assets are after the assets.
Let's run this and then I will walk you through the code real quick, right click run as JUnit test.
That will load up the spring environment, and at the end of it, it will run the test and we should
see everything in green here.
If you go to the Junit console, you'll see that our test has passed successfully.
Everything is in green.
So in this lecture, you have successfully tested the controllers register user method by mocking out
the call to user account repository Dot Save Method.
When the save is invoked with the user account, we are returning a saved user account, which just has
the id field in it.
We can fill in the other fields if you want to and you can do assertions on them.
But in this case, we are only asserting for the ID
And when it comes back, we do the assertions.
Along with that, we also verify using mockito verify.
We verify the repository.
Save method was really called.